Update enabling-404-pages.md (#606)
vtex-apps/io-documentation: docs/en/Recipes/store-management/enabling-404-pages.md

In VTEX IO, 404 pages are **natively** enabled for a store's inexistent product pages. But in addition, it is also possible to allow 404 pages when URLs have one or more invalid segments, as shown in the step by step section below.

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> A 404 HTTP response will return in case:
> <li>A request for a non-existent URL segment is performed, for example, <code>https://mystore.myvtex.com/non-existent-path"</code>. It is possible to handle this error by adding a "map=ft" query-string, for example, <code>https://mystore.myvtex.com/non-existent-path?_q=non-existent-path&map=ft</code>. In this case, instead of returning a 404 page for the user, the API will interpret the "non-existent-path" string as a "full-text" (ft) search and will display the results of the search. That's why if a search is performed through the search bar, the query-string <code>map=ft</code> will automatically appear in the URL of the given search.</li> 
> <li>A query string <code>map=specificationFilter</code> is used, for example, <code>https://mystore.myvtex.com/True?map=specificationFilter_410</code>. In this case, a 404 page will be displayed to the user.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">
Due to implementation rules, the 404 HTTP response behavior does not work with URLs with one invalid segment (even if it was properly configured in the platform) if these URLs do not contain the <code>map=ft</code> parameter or if they only contain one specification filter as search parameter. Examples of such URLs are <code>https://storeexample.myvtex.com/top<code> and <code>https://storeexample.myvtex.com/True?map=specificationFilter_410</code>, respectively.
</div>
```

Author: ```suggestion
Due to implementation rules, a 404 HTTP response will return for non-existent URL segments (e.g. <code>/non-existent-path"</code>) if the complete URL path contains only one specification filter as a search parameter or if it does not contain the <code>map=ft</code> parameter. Examples of URLs that could return a "Page not found" error are:
<code>https://storeexample.myvtex.com/True?map=specificationFilter_410</code> and <code>https://storeexample.myvtex.com/non-existent-path<code>, respectively.
A way to handle a 404 error in the last example is by adding a "map=ft" query-string, for example, <code>https://mystore.myvtex.com/non-existent-path?_q=non-existent-path&map=ft</code>. In this case, the API would interpret the "non-existent-path" string as a "full-text" (ft) search and would display the results of the search.
```
